hello everybody today we will make a
game named I'm thinking of a number so
let's open your results you sharp make a
new project gas game so first we make
the generator random generator equals
new random make the generator now we
need to make the number we are thinking
of in number equals generator next 0 101
now we will rewrite I'm thinking of a
number from 1 to 100
we will ask the gas from the user with a
for loop so right for int gas because
convert that to integer cancel that red
line if our gas does not equals R the
number then gas because convert that to
integer cancer that red line so it will
loop until our gas does not equals the
number now if our gas less than the
number we write
bigger and if our gas bigger than the
number answer that right line
lesser so the loop will end if our gas
is correct also dot write line you
guessed it and the rate K
the guess is correct so let's try it
oh I guessed it
so thank you for watching I hope it
helped goodbye